Added Additional Info About Billing Agreements (#1437)
magento/merchdocs: src/sales/billing-agreements.md

1. Find the billing agreement in the list.

> 1. Click the needed billing agreement to be viewed.

Reviewer: Combine these steps to one like the other following procedures:

`1. Find the billing agreement in the list and click to open it.`

## Billing Agreement View

> Each Billing Agreement page consist of two tabs: **General Information** and **Related Orders**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each billing agreement page consists of two tabs: _General Information_ and _Related Orders_.
```

## General Information

> Contains general information about billing agreement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tab includes the general information about the billing agreement:
```

- Reference ID: A unique numeric identifier that is assigned to current billing agreement.
- Customer: Customer's account assigned to current billing agreement.
- Status: Payment agreement status.
- Created At: Creation date.
- Updated At: Update dae.

![Billing Agreement View]({% link images/images/sales-billing-agreement-view.png %}){: .zoom}
_Billing agreement general information_

## Related Orders

> Contains the list of the orders placed using current Billing Agreement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tab displays the list of the orders placed using the current billing agreement.
```

![Billing Agreement View]({% link images/images/sales-billing-agreement-related-orders-tab.png %}){: .zoom}
_Billing agreement related orders tab_

> ## Cancel the Billing Agreement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cancel the billing agreement
```

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to  **Sales** > _Operations_ > **Billing Agreements**.

> 1. Find the billing agreement in the list.
> 
> 1. Click the needed billing agreement to be viewed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the billing agreement in the list and click to open it.
```

> 1. In the right upper corner click the **Cancel** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the top-right corner, click **Cancel**.
```

> 1. To confirm the action click **OK**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To confirm the action, click **OK**.
```

> ## Delete the Billing Agreement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Delete the billing agreement
```

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to  **Sales** > _Operations_ > **Billing Agreements**.

> 1. Find the billing agreement in the list.
> 
> 1. Click the needed billing agreement to be viewed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the billing agreement in the list and click to open it.
```

> 1. In the right upper corner click the **Delete** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the top-right corner, click **Delete**.
```

> 1. To confirm the action click **OK**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To confirm the action, click **OK**.
```

> ### Grid Column descriptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Column descriptions
```
